what was it like for you working on the
project was there a lot of stress how
many people playing this game right yeah
it was a lot of stress but you also feel
I don't know the caffeine always
described as an honor like you get to
work on a game that touches so many
people's lives you could make a change
and that afternoon millions of people
would be experiencing it I am so excited
to be announcing playmakers a new series
that will be hitting this channel my
channel every Tuesday and Thursday
throughout August it's 8 episodes now
this is a show that I have created with
some help from Broden and it is focused
on Riot Games well the first season is
and they are cool long-form interviews
with people from across riot you'll see
some familiar faces and some brand new
ones and the point of this is really to
showcase different gigs from across the
company we didn't want to just focus on
designers developers artists there are
some of those as well but also I want to
show you guys some of the different
people who work on different things to
that right who maybe aren't directly
involved with the creation of the two
game day to day why do this I love
helping folks tell their stories not
just people in eSports but also those
that are attached to the games that we
love games that we play not just once or
for a week
but time and time again normally when
someone sits down with someone that
works in the games industry is to talk
about a product right like this
expansion is hitting this champion is
hitting this patch is updating this is
different this is all about the people
that work at right now the first season
of this is with riot but it's a type of
thing that I just really enjoyed
producing it's actually one of my
favorite series that I've done in my
whole career so if you guys like this
I'd like to take it to other game
developers and see you know maybe if
they have an interest in showing off
some of the people that work at their
company now please enjoy the first
episode of the series with Ghostcrawler
it's all about how he left his PhD
behind him how he bluffed his way into
his very first gaming job and it only
gets better from there so I also really
hope you enjoy the first episode love
him or hate him I think he's got a great
story and I hope you enjoy the series of
entirely
it'll be again hitting this YouTube
channel every Tuesday and Thursdays
through August thanks again mark thank
you so much for sitting down with me
today absolutely